c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ChitietChamCongKithuat.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ChitietChamCongKithuat.pdb
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ChitietChamCongKithuat.xap
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ChitietChamCongKithuatTestPage.html
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\System.Xml.Linq.xml
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\Bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\obj\Release\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\obj\Release\ChitietChamCongKithuat.g.resources
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\obj\Release\ChitietChamCongKithuat.dll
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\obj\Release\ChitietChamCongKithuat.pdb
c:\users\giang.phan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\obj\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Giang.Phan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChitietChamCongKithuat\ChitietChamCongKithuat\obj\Release\ChitietChamCongKithuat.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
